Mom, this matter is indeed Yaoyao's fault
But she has also apologized
That's all we have to say.
This kid is still so nice to us
Mom, Yaoyao really knew she was wrong.
Let this king spare me once
Mom
Even if I beg you
You have to help us.
You have to come every year
We are in front of you
The three of us apologized to him for compensation.
Even if it is kneeling down to compensate and apologize
This is also possible
You kneel down and admit your mistake
Do you really know you're wrong?
You are for your own glory and wealth
What is reluctant is the current identity first
Ask him to apologize
I just want Yanyan to be young
Do you think that's possible?
Ah, the key to this is you
Uh, look.
This child has great respect for you
To honor you
He doesn't recognize the kindness of our upbringing
It doesn't matter.
But you raised him so big
You want him to ask for this favor
He will definitely give it back to you.
cut
Where do you have the face to tell me this?
You just don't change your mind
I want to squeeze Yanyan dry
Take all the benefits from Yanyan
Get out of here
Don't come again.
Double refund, you can do it without calling him over.
But the company is really in trouble now.
You must help us, you see
You give me 10% more.
Dream on
Come with me!
Get out
Don't come back after you go out